- [Narrator] Okay. The next step is
Create a TransactionProcessor.
That will be now a runnable or callable implementation.
So, let's say we pick up the runnable implementation.
Inside the run() method, we have to do a lot of things.
So, let's first define that class.
Let's go to IDE.
And, under the runnables folder,
I'm going to have a class
called TransactionProcessor.
Okay.
And this will, of course, implements Runnable.
So, that's the class we have now with us.
And what we are going to do is,
inside this, the first step is,
we have to get the javax.transaction.UserTransaction object.
So, that is going to happen by the JNDI lookup.
The next big step is,
you will have to get the TransactionBean object as well
by the JNDI lookup.
So, let's go there.
Let's come inside and say private UserTransaction
so this comes from the javax.transaction package.
Take a reference for it.
And also, take a reference for your TransactionBean.
(keyboard typing sound)
Okay.
Now, we write the constructor of TransactionProcessor().
And, what are we going to do inside it?
We are going to do the JNDI lookup.
And this time, we are going to do it
by the initial context API.
So, let's do it carefully.
InitialContext, that's the API javax.naming,
get a reference, and say new.
And then say,
userTransaction.
I want a userTransaction object.
So, that will be context.lookup().
So, across the application server,
you will have the user transaction API by this JNDI name.
It will be "java:comp/UserTransaction"
Okay. And the other thing is, you will have to cast this
to userTransaction because it runs an object kind of formal.
Okay, the next thing is,
we have to do exactly the same procedure
for the TransactionBean.
Okay, so, let's say bean and I'm going to also look up
the bean resource by the context object.
I'm going to say context.lookup
Okay, now understand this.
This transactionBean is there right inside your
project's module, one of the modules.
So, in order to pick up that
particular bean from the module,
you have this convention, you say java:module/
and the name of the bean.
So, the name of the bean that we gave was tx-bean.
And then, of course, let's cast this to TransactionBean.
Okay?
So, in case you have a confusion, if you remember,
recollect, on line 20, we have given a name to the bean.
Right?
That's the name we are now trying to put up here.
Save this, and of course,
this is definitely going to throw you
some checked exceptions.
So, let's quickly fix that with a try-catch block.
Yes.
So, what this does is, it will throw a NamingException
in case it's not able to find any of these resources.
Okay?
Now, the next step will be,
we'll have to define the run() method,
begin the transaction,
call all the TransactionBean methods
one after another within the same transaction, of course,
and then, commit and rollback as desired.
All of this is going to go in the run() method.
So, let's go back to the IDE
and I'm just going to...
After the constructor,
I'm going to put this run() method call.
Let's get rid of the throw implementation,
we don't want that.
What I want to do, the first step,
take the userTransaction and begin() it.
Next, take the bean and saveBankAccountTransaction().
Next will be, bean.saveBankAccountTransactionLog(), right?
So, those methods, one after the other.
And then finding if everything is okay.
Then, you say commit().
Okay.
Save this and let's handle the exceptions thrown.
So, surround the block with try-catch.
And, what I'll additionally do is,
instead of these couple of catch blocks,
I'll add one catch block with the exception
part I need to define.
And, inside this, we will put a system.out
and we are going to say "ROLLING BACK"
so, if anything goes wrong, in any of these operations,
then you do roll back, right?
So, we say because
and let's get hold of that exception variable
and just print out getMessage().
And, after that, of course, the big step,
try userTransaction.rollback();
Let's handle the exceptions with respect to this, yes.
Okay.
So, that's what this is.
The transaction processor is ready with us.
The rest of the steps, we will see in the next video.